README -- describes contents of ~bmy/env
13 Aug 2009
Bob Yantosca, Philippe Le Sager, Claire Carouge
geos-chem-support@as.harvard.edu


NOTE: These files are updated regularly so be sure to check back here often!

Files:
------

.cshrc          -- tcsh environment file.  This file is executed every time 
                   you start a new shell on a machine.  Copy this to your home 
                   directory.

.login          -- Login file.  This file is only executed the first time you
                   log into a machine.  Copy this to your home directory (~).

.emacs          -- Customization file for Emacs.  This file contains 
                   customization commands for emacs on Tethys, Rhea, and 
                   Gateway, and the older xemacs on Hera, Europa, Sol.  
                   NOTE: Some of the older Xemacs functions may not work, 
                   we recommend using Emacs from now on.  Copy this to your 
                   home directory (~).

.xemacs-options -- File for xemacs on Hera, Europa, Sol that contains
                   font colors and other settings.  This file is not
                   read by the newer emacs on Tethys, Rhea, Gateway.
                   Copy this to your home directory (~).
	           NOTE: THIS IS MOSTLY OBSOLETE NOW

startup         -- File that you use at login time to pop open several 
                   X-windows on various machines.  It also starts an emacs 
                   session.  You change the machines for which windows
                   will be opened.  You may also comment out the section
                   that opens the emacs editor if you do not prefer to use
                   emacs.  Copy this to your ~/bin directory.

xt              -- Perl script which opens an Xwindow and performs an ssh
                   command.  This script is used by "startup.  You can edit
                   the font sizes and window colors manually.  Copy this
                   to your ~/bin directory.

Makefile	-- Makefile to create the reference document in *.pdf
                   and *.ps formats.

intro.txt       -- Header file for creating *.pdf and *.ps reference documents

                   